[Uragiri no Yuyake
by Theater Brook]
>> ♪ [singing in Japanese] ♪
♪ ♪
>> WHAT’S THIS URBAN LEGEND,
ANYWAY?
>> THE BLACK BIKE!
THE HEADLESS RIDER!
>> ANYWAY, ABOUT THE BLACK
RIDER, IT DOESN’T HAVE A HEAD.
THE HEAD’S CUT CLEAN OFF,
BUT IT’S STILL MOVING.
>> IT DOESN’T SOUND LIKE IT’S
GOING TO BE A TOUGH JOB, BUT BE
CAREFUL, OKAY?
>> SO NOBODY TOLD ME YOU
SWITCHED PROFESSIONS AND BECAME
A DEFENDER OF THE INNOCENT.
>> WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU?
WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU?!
>> ♪ [singing in Japanese] ♪
♪ ♪
[rushing wind]
[horse whinnies]
>> THE HEADLESS RIDER?
YEAH, I’VE HEARD OF IT.
A GOOD FRIEND OF MINE SAW IT.
>> YEAH, I DON’T REALLY CARE
ABOUT THAT.
>> NOT ONLY HAVE I SEEN IT, I
TOOK A PHOTO OF IT.
WANT TO SEE?
[horse whinnies]
>> THE HEADLESS RIDER?
YEAH, HE’S RIGHT HERE.
[laughs]
>> [growls]
>> UH, YEAH, WHO HASN’T HEARD OF
IT?
>> THINK WE SAW IT NEAR SUNSHINE
ONCE.
>> SERIOUS?
>> I DON’T KNOW, BUT IT’S
TOTALLY THE WORD EVERYWHERE, SO
IT HAS TO BE TRUE, RIGHT?
>> IT’S DEFINITELY ON PEOPLE’S
MINDS.
>> HEY, GUESS WHAT.
THAT BIKE SHOWED UP AGAIN.
>> OKAY.
SO IS IT TRUE THAT IT DOESN’T
HAVE A HEAD?
>> NO, THAT’S JUST A CREEPY
RUMOR.
>> I DON’T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
MY SOURCE IS PRETTY RELIABLE.
>> WOW.
>> HOW CAN SOMEONE NOT HAVE A
HEAD?
>> WELL, IF THAT SOMEONE ISN’T A
HUMAN...
THEN ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE.
>> THOSE WHO ACTUALLY KNOW THE
RIDER GENERALLY DON’T SAY MUCH.
>> NO. SORRY.
I DON’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
>> AND HOW ABOUT YOU?
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
DO YOU HAVE ANY THOUGHTS ON THE
LEGENDARY HEADLESS RIDER?
ARE YOU SCARED OF IT?
OR MAYBE YOU THINK IT’S COOL AND
NOT A BAD GUY AT ALL.
OR PERHAPS YOU’RE IN THE CAMP...
THAT WANTS TO BELIEVE IT BUT
DOESN’T KNOW IF THEY CAN.
[airplane]
SO TODAY I’LL TELL YOU WHAT I
KNOW ABOUT THE HEADLESS RIDER.
IT’S A BIT OF A FLIGHT OF FANCY.
SO TRY TO THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX.
I’LL START BY INTRODUCING
MYSELF.
I’M SHINRA KISHITANI, AGE 24.
I’M A SORT OF DOCTOR HERE IN
IKEBUKURO.
MY WORK IS UNLICENSED AND UNDER
THE RADAR.
I TREAT PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN HIT
WITH STUFF THEY DON’T WANT THE
COPS TO KNOW ABOUT.
I ALSO PERFORM PLASTIC SURGERY
FOR THOSE IN NEED OF A NEW FACE.
I MAY NOT LOOK IT, BUT I’M GOOD
AT MY JOB AND WELL-REGARDED
AROUND HERE.
ALL RIGHT, NOW ONTO THE TOPIC
AT HAND.
I’M HOME.
HUH.
[water running]
THAT’S RIGHT.
THAT’S THE HEADLESS RIDER.
HER NAME IS CELTY STURLUSON, AND
SHE’S MY ROOMMATE.
HEY, CELTY.
I’M BACK.
THE JOB I JUST DID WAS PRETTY
EASY, NOTHING SPECIAL.
SO HOW WAS YOUR JOB?
>> NO PEEKING.
>> I’M SORRY.
I REALLY WASN’T TRYING TO PEEK.
I JUST WASN’T THINKING.
HEY.
YOU SEEM A LITTLE BIT IRRITABLE.
MAYBE YOU NEED MORE CALCIUM IN
YOUR DIET.
>> YOU WANT ME TO EAT EGGSHELLS
OR SOMETHING?
>> HUH. NOT A BAD IDEA.
BUT I’M A DOCTOR, NOT A
NUTRITIONIST.
YOU COULD TRY EATING EGGSHELLS.
BUT I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE
CALCIUM COUNT WOULD BE, OR,
FOR THAT MATTER, EVEN HOW
EFFECTIVELY YOUR BODY CAN
PROCESS SOMETHING OF THAT
NATURE.
BUT, THEN AGAIN, SINCE I DON’T
KNOW WHERE YOUR BRAIN OR CENTRAL
NERVOUS SYSTEM IS, WHO KNOWS IF
EATING EGGSHELLS WOULD HAVE ANY
EFFECT ON YOU OR NOT?
>> SHUT UP.
>> HMM.
HEY, CELTY, I’VE ASKED THIS
BEFORE, BUT YOU DIDN’T REALLY
GIVE ME AN ANSWER.
HOW DOES THE WORLD LOOK WITHOUT
A FUNCTIONING OPTIC NERVE?
>> IT’S HARD TO EXPLAIN
SOMETHING WHEN YOU DON’T
UNDERSTAND YOURSELF.
>> SHE MAY NOT HAVE A HEAD, BUT
SHE STILL HAS THOSE SENSES.
SHE CAN SEE AND HEAR AND SMELL.
INTERESTINGLY ENOUGH THOUGH,
SHE CAN’T SEE IN ALL DIRECTIONS,
EVEN THOUGH SHE HAS NO HEAD.
BUT HER FIELD OF VISION IS WIDER
THAN THAT OF NORMAL HUMANS.
NOW THIS IS JUST A THEORY OF
MINE, BUT I WONDER IF THERE’S
SOMETHING MORE TO THAT
MYSTERIOUS SCIENCE-FICTIONY OOZE
THAT’S ALWAYS SEEPING OUT OF
YOUR NECK.
DID YOU EVER THINK THAT, MAYBE
AS IT SPREADS OUT OVER YOUR
SURROUNDINGS, IT’S GATHERING
INFORMATION AND SOMEHOW SENDING
THAT INFORMATION BACK TO YOU?
[chuckles]
OF COURSE, THAT MEANS THE
FARTHER AWAY AN OBJECT IS, THE
LESS YOU WOULD KNOW ABOUT IT.
>> DON’T CARE.
AS LONG AS I CAN SEE AND HEAR,
I’M FINE.
>> CELTY.
THAT’S SO TYPICAL OF YOU.
I SOMETIMES WONDER HOW DIFFERENT
THE WORLD I SEE AND FEEL IS FROM
THE ONE YOU SEE AND FEEL.
I’M NOT JUST TALKING ABOUT WHAT
YOU SEE EITHER.
I MEAN HOW YOU PROCESS AND FEEL
ABOUT WHAT YOU SEE.
YOUR VALUES.
YOU’RE NOT LIKE THE OTHER PEOPLE
HERE.
YOU’RE LIKE A FAIRY WHO JUST
SUDDENLY APPEARED IN THIS CITY.
drip! drip!
TELL ME WHAT THE WORLD LOOKS
LIKE WHEN VIEWED THROUGH THE
EYES OF A DULLAHAN.
HMM?
WHAT’S THE MATTER?
IF YOU WANT TO TELL ME WHAT
HAPPENED, I’M ALL EARS.
WAS IT THAT JOB TODAY?
IZAYA SAID THAT IT WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE FAIRLY EASY.
>> WELL, YES, THE JOB ITSELF
WAS PRETTY STRAIGHTFORWARD.
>> SO?
>> I DO APPRECIATE YOU,
TRANSPORTER.
I CAN’T GET BY WITHOUT YOU, AND
YOU CAN’T GET BY WITHOUT ME.
>> I’D RATHER THE LATTER WEREN’T
THE CASE.
>> OH, DON’T BE LIKE THAT.
I’M SURE I’LL BE ENLISTING YOUR
SERVICES AGAIN.
ALL I WANT TO DO IS STAY ON YOUR
GOOD SIDE, FOR AS LONG AS THAT
MAY BE.
>> AM I WRONG, OR DID THAT SOUND
CREEPY?
>> [laughing] YOU’RE WRONG.
I’M SIMPLY MISUNDERSTOOD.
OH, BY THE WAY, HAVE YOU EVER
HEARD OF A DULLAHAN?
>> UH.
>> IT’S A HEADLESS FAIRY FROM
IRISH FOLKLORE.
THERE’S A GUY WHO CLAIMS HE ONCE
SAW ONE.
HE’S A PORTRAIT PAINTER WHO
HANGS OUT OVER IN YOYOGI PARK.
HE WAS MAKING A FUSS THE OTHER
DAY, KEPT YELLING, "THE HEAD IS
GONE.
THE HEAD IS GONE."
I DON’T KNOW, BUT IT SOUNDS TO
ME LIKE HE WAS TALKING ABOUT
A DULLAHAN.
>> IS HE STILL THERE?
>> MAYBE.
I HAVE NO IDEA.
[metal screeching]
[chuckles]
WELL, THAT SEEMED TO INTRIGUE
HER.
>> CELTY STURLUSON ISN’T HUMAN.
SHE’S ACTUALLY A TYPE OF FAIRY
THAT COMES FROM CELTIC FOLKLORE,
MORE COMMONLY KNOWN AS A
DULLAHAN.
[laughter]
>> IS THERE A PORTRAIT PAINTER
AROUND HERE?
>> OH, YEAH, THERE WAS.
BUT HE’S NOT HERE ANYMORE.
HEY, DIDN’T HE SAY SOMETHING
ABOUT GOING TO YOKOHAMA?
>> YEAH.
>> ACCORDING TO LEGEND, A
DULLAHAN TRAVELS THE COUNTRY IN
A CARRIAGE PULLED BY A HEADLESS
HORSE CALLED A COISTE BODHAR.
BY ITS SIDE IS ITS OWN SEVERED
HEAD.
WHEN SOMEONE’S TIME ON EARTH HAS
COME TO AN END, THEY PAY THEM A
VISIT.
[horse whinnies]
[shrill music]
♪ ♪
AND IF YOU CARELESSLY OPEN THE
DOOR AS THEY’RE PASSING BY...
>> [exclaims]
>> THEY DOUSE YOU WITH A BUCKET
OF BLOOD.
>> [grunts]
>> IT’S A GHASTLY LEGEND
DRENCHED WITH DEATH.
AND I HAVE A HARD TIME IMAGINING
THAT SHE COULD EVER HAVE
ANYTHING TO DO WITH IT.
ASIDE FROM THE FACT THAT SHE
DOESN’T HAVE A HEAD.
CURIOUS ABOUT WHY SHE CAME TO
JAPAN?
TO TOKYO?
TO IKEBUKURO?
OR WHY SHE’S SO OBSESSED WITH
FINDING HER HEAD?
WELL, THAT’S WHAT I’M ABOUT TO
REVEAL.
IT WAS 20 YEARS AGO.
SHE SUDDENLY CAME TO ON THE TOP
OF A MOUNTAIN, AND, FOR SOME
REASON, HER HEAD WAS NO LONGER
BY HER SIDE.
SHE BEGAN TO NOTICE THAT MANY OF
HER MEMORIES WERE GONE AS WELL.
[horse whinnies]
SHE COULD NO LONGER REMEMBER WHY
SHE DID WHAT SHE DID, AND EVEN
PARTS OF HER PAST WERE GONE.
HOWEVER, SHE REMEMBERED THAT HER
NAME WAS CELTY STURLUSON AND
THAT SHE WAS A DULLAHAN.
SHE ALSO REMEMBERED HOW TO USE
THE POWERS THAT ARE UNIQUE TO
HER.
THEN, ALL OF A SUDDEN, SOMETHING
DAWNED ON HER.
>> I WASN’T THINKING OF THINGS
USING MY HEAD.
>> IT SURPRISED HER.
IT BECAME APPARENT THAT SHE
COULD SENSE A CONNECTION TO
SOMETHING THAT SHE BELIEVED HAD
TO BE HER HEAD.
AFTER MUCH CONSIDERATION, SHE
CAME TO THE CONCLUSION THAT
SOMEHOW HER HEAD AND HER BODY
WERE BOTH SENTIENT AND SHARED A
LEVEL OF CONSCIOUSNESS.
THEREFORE, THE MEMORIES THAT SHE
WAS MISSING WERE IN HER HEAD.
AND SO SHE MADE HER DECISION.
SHE WOULD NOT STOP UNTIL SHE
FOUND HER HEAD AND RECLAIMED HER
REASON FOR BEING.
THAT IS WHAT NOW GIVES HER LIFE
PURPOSE.
IT’S ENTIRELY POSSIBLE THAT
HER HEAD CHOSE TO LEAVE HER
BODY, BUT SHE CAN’T KNOW THAT
FOR SURE UNLESS SHE FINDS IT.
>> HE WASN’T IN YOKOHAMA EITHER.
THEN I WENT TO TAMA, AND THEN TO
CHIBA.
EACH TIME, I KEPT JUST MISSING
HIM.
>> WHY DIDN’T YOU QUIT FOR THE
DAY AND START BACK AT IT
TOMORROW?
>> I WAS FRANTIC.
THERE WAS A POSSIBILITY THAT MY
HEAD WAS THERE.
THE ONLY THING I COULD THINK
ABOUT WAS FINDING IT AND GETTING
IT BACK.
I’M TIRED OF LIVING WITH JUST
FRAGMENTS OF MY MEMORIES.
>> SHE FOLLOWED THE TRAIL AS
FAR AS SHE POSSIBLY COULD...
UNTIL IT BECAME APPARENT THAT
HER HEAD WAS NO LONGER ON THE
SAME CONTINENT.
IT WAS ON A SHIP BOUND FOR
JAPAN.
STOWING AWAY ON THE SHIP AND
FOLLOWING IT WASN’T A PROBLEM.
THE PROBLEM WAS THE HORSE.
IT WAS THE DULLAHAN’S LOYAL
SERVANT.
THE HORSE WAS SIMPLY THE SHAPE
HER FAMILIAR HAD CHOSEN.
IF SHE WANTED TO DISMISS IT, SHE
COULD.
BUT SHE HAD NO IDEA WHAT WOULD
BECOME OF IT AFTER THAT.
THAT BIT OF KNOWLEDGE WAS
PROBABLY IN HER HEAD.
SO EVEN THOUGH SHE KNEW THEY
COULD BE SEPARATED, SHE COULDN’T
BRING HERSELF TO DO IT.
[horse whinnies]
AND THEN...
ALL OF A SUDDEN...
THEY FOUND EACH OTHER.
>> AFTER ALL THAT, I NEVER DID
FIND IT.
ALTHOUGH...
>> YEAH.
I’VE SEEN THAT OLD PAINTER GUY
AROUND BEFORE.
>> HUH?
HE WAS IN SOUTH IKEBUKURO PARK
FOR A FEW DAYS.
>> RIGHT. THAT’S HIM.
YOU WANT ME TO TAKE YOU TO HIM?
I GOT TO THINK IT’S A BIT
AWKWARD FOR YOU.
RIGHT?
>> ALL RIGHT.
IT’S DONE.
>> WOW.
THAT’S COOL.
>> YOU LOOK WAY CUTER HERE THAN
YOU NORMALLY DO.
>> HEY.
YOU SURE ARE GOOD, MISTER.
>> NO. NOT REALLY.
THE THINGS I REALLY WANT TO
DRAW STILL ESCAPE ME.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THE PLEASURE’S ALL MINE.
COME AGAIN.
[giggling]
>> OKAY.
>> LATER.
>> UH, SORRY, BUT IT’S GETTING
A BIT DARK.
AFRAID I’M DONE FOR TODAY.
>> YOU SAW A DULLAHAN ONCE.
THAT TRUE?
>> HUH?
[sighs]
YEAH, I DID.
A LONG TIME AGO.
I WAS A MUCH YOUNGER MAN AND
TRAVELLING THROUGH IRELAND.
SAW IT WITH MY OWN TWO EYES.
>> SOMEONE OVERHEARD YOU SAYING
IT LOST ITS HEAD.
>> THAT IT HAD LOST ITS HEAD?
[laughs]
NO, NO.
ITS HEAD WAS NOT ATTACHED.
AND I CAN’T DECIDE HOW THE HEAD
SHOULD LOOK.
>> both: [grunt]
>> GO ON.
IT WAS A WOMAN.
AND A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN AT THAT.
IT WAS A FOGGY NIGHT ON AN OLD
MOUNTAIN ROAD WHEN SHE PASSED
ME.
SHE FLEW BY AT AN INCREDIBLE
SPEED.
SHE WAS A TERRIFYING BUT
BEAUTIFUL SIGHT.
IT WAS QUITE OBVIOUS THAT SHE
WAS NOT OF THIS WORLD.
WHEN I GOT BACK TO MY INN AND
RELAYED WHAT I HAD SEEN, I WAS
TOLD THAT IT WAS A DULLAHAN.
AND THAT IT HAD BEEN IN THE AREA
FOR AGES.
>> SO WHY DOESN’T THE DULLAHAN
IN YOUR SKETCHBOOKS HAVE A HEAD?
>> BECAUSE I CAN’T DRAW IT.
THE MORE I TRY, THE MORE OUT OF
PLACE IT LOOKS.
I REMEMBER WHAT I SAW SO
CLEARLY, BUT SOME REASON I CAN’T
EXPRESS THAT ON PAPER.
>> DID YOU SEE WHAT COLOR HER
HAIR WAS OR HER EYES?
WHAT WAS THE EXPRESSION ON HER
FACE?
>> HEH, IF I KNEW ALL THAT, I
WOULDN’T HAVE A PROBLEM DRAWING
IT.
YOU KNOW, I WAS TALKING TO
SOMEONE ABOUT THIS THE OTHER
DAY.
HE WAS AN ODD GUY.
BUT HE SAID THE DRAWING WAS
PERFECT AS IT WAS.
ACCORDING TO HIM, SHE DIDN’T
NEED A HEAD.
HE WAS PRETTY STRANGE, THOUGH.
>> SO WHY ARE YOU SO OBSESSED
WITH DRAWING THIS THING?
>> BECAUSE IT WAS THE MOST
MAGICAL THING I HAVE EVER SEEN.
IT WAS THE GREATEST EXPERIENCE
OF MY LIFE.
AND I WANT TO GET THE MEMORY
BACK.
I DON’T EVER WANT TO LOSE IT.
>> ALL RIGHT, GRAMPS.
THANKS.
>> I SEE.
YOU DON’T REMEMBER, DO YOU?
RIDING PAST SOME GUY HIDING IN
THE BUSHES.
>> I DON’T.
>> WELL, YOU DON’T KNOW FOR SURE
IF THAT DULLAHAN WAS ACTUALLY
YOU.
FOR ALL WE KNOW, HE COULD HAVE
MADE THAT WHOLE THING UP.
>> IT WAS REAL, AND IT WAS ME.
I KNOW IT.
>> OKAY.
>> WHAT WAS I DOING THAT NIGHT?
WHERE WAS I GOING AND WHY WAS
I GOING THERE?
>> ARE YOU SURE THAT’S REALLY
IMPORTANT?
>> HUH?
>> LISTEN, YOU ARE AMAZINGLY
AMBIGUOUS AND UNQUESTIONABLY
UNIQUE.
BUT AS THINGS ARE, YOU ARE STILL
MILES AWAY FROM ACHIEVING YOUR
GOAL.
>> WHAT’S YOUR POINT?
>> I’LL BE BLUNT.
>> LET IT GO.
THAT STRANGE GUY IN THE
PAINTER’S STORY, MAYBE WHAT HE
SAID WAS RIGHT.
I MEAN, MAYBE YOU ARE COMPLETE
WITHOUT YOUR HEAD.
PERHAPS THE TIME HAS COME TO
MOVE ON.
YOU KNOW WHAT, LET’S GO
SOMEWHERE.
ANYWHERE.
THE CHOICE IS YOURS.
AND IF YOU DECIDE YOU WANT TO GO
BACK HOME, NO MATTER WHAT, I’LL
MAKE IT HAPPEN.
HMM?
I’LL EVEN GO WITH YOU.
YOU KNOW, THAT WAY YOU AND I
CAN...
>> IT’S NOT THAT I DON’T LIKE
YOU, BUT I’M QUITE HAPPY WITH
OUR LIVING ARRANGEMENTS AS THEY
ARE.
>> LISTEN, YOU DON’T HAVE TO--
>> I SAID I’M FINE.
>> [sighs]
[chair rolls]
>> YOU KNOW, IF YOU WANTED TO
CHANGE THESE ARRANGEMENTS AT
ALL...
>> THAT’S ENOUGH.
[door sliding]
[slams]
>> [sighs]
I GUESS THAT MEANS WE DO PROCESS
WHAT WE FEEL A LITTLE BIT
DIFFERENTLY.
ALL RIGHT.
BACK TO THE SUBJECT AT HAND.
CELTY’S STORY--ACTUALLY, OUR
STORY STARTS BACK UP ON THE
SHIP.
SHE CONVINCED A CREW MEMBER TO
SMUGGLE HER ABOARD.
BUT IT DIDN’T TAKE LONG FOR HER
TO REALIZE HOW MUCH SHE STOOD
OUT.
I’VE KNOWN HER FOR SO LONG THAT
I DON’T EVEN NOTICE IT ANYMORE.
>> AH.
>> BUT THE FIRST TIME I SAW HER
WAS QUITE SHOCKING.
I WAS ONLY FOUR AT THE TIME.
I WAS HEADING BACK TO JAPAN WITH
MY FATHER.
DADDY! DADDY, COME HERE.
THIS WOMAN I JUST SAW...
MY FATHER SHINGEN IS NOT A
NORMAL PERSON BY ANY MEANS.
YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS!
I TOLD HIM WHAT I HAD SEEN, AND,
IF HE WERE A NORMAL PARENT, HE
PROBABLY WOULD HAVE JUST LAUGHED
AND IGNORED IT.
BUT NOT MY DAD.
HE’S DIFFERENT.
PERHAPS BEING INQUISITIVE COMES
WITH BEING A DOCTOR.
BUT HE WAS INTRIGUED.
>> MY LADY, I DO APOLOGIZE,
BUT IS IT TRUE THAT YOU HAVE
NO HEAD?
>> HE OFFERED HER A DEAL.
HE SAID IF SHE ALLOWED HIM TO
DISSECT HER, THEN HE WOULD IN
RETURN OFFER HER A PLACE TO
STAY.
SHE AGREED.
SHE DID WHAT SHE HAD TO.
BUT SHE MUST HAVE BEEN NERVOUS.
I’VE TALKED TO HER ABOUT THIS
BEFORE.
BUT SHE DOESN’T SEEM TO REMEMBER
IT.
>> [grunting]
>> NORMAL ANESTHESIA DIDN’T WORK
ON HER.
THE SHOCK MUST HAVE BEEN
TREMENDOUS.
SHE DOES EXPERIENCE PAIN,
ALTHOUGH NOT QUITE AS ACUTE AS
HUMANS.
>> [whimpers]
>> SHE HAS NO HEART.
ALL OF HER ORGANS ARE THERE, BUT
NONE OF THEM ARE FUNCTIONING.
SHE HAS BLOOD VESSELS, BUT
THERE’S NO BLOOD CIRCULATING
THROUGH THEM.
SHE’S LIKE A WALKING ANATOMICAL
MODEL.
LOOK AT THAT.
>> [exclaims]
>> WHAT WOULD IT TAKE FOR HER TO
DIE?
>> CAN YOU BELIEVE MY DAD DID
THAT?
HAD HIS FOUR-YEAR-OLD SON
DISSECT A WOMAN?
BUT IT WAS OPPORTUNITIES LIKE
THIS THAT MADE ME THE DOCTOR
THAT I AM TODAY.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT WILL BE
USEFUL LATER.
>> GO ON.
>> [exclaims]
THE MOMENT I SAW HER, I WAS
CAPTIVATED.
WE’VE BEEN LIVING TOGETHER FOR
20 YEARS, AND I STILL FEEL THE
SAME WAY.
SHE WORKS AS A TRANSPORTER NOW.
BUT SHE STILL CONTINUES TO
SEARCH FOR HER HEAD.
IF SHE DOES FIND IT SOME DAY,
THEN WHAT?
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN TO HER?
I MEAN, IS HER WILL THE SAME AS
HER HEAD’S WILL?
OR MAYBE...
>> WHAT ARE YOU RECORDING?
>> OH, THIS?
IT’S NOTHING.
I’M JUST DOCUMENTING THE DETAILS
OF OUR HAPPY LITTLE LIFE
TOGETHER FOR GENERATIONS TO
COME.
>> WHATEVER. JUST KEEP IT DOWN.
I’M TRYING TO SLEEP.
>> ANYTHING YOU WANT, CELTY.
WELL, THAT’S ALL FOR NOW.
I’LL SAVE THE REST FOR LATER.
WOW!
THAT’S PERFECT.
>> HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
EVERYONE KNOWS A PROPER DULLAHAN
SHOULD CARRY ITS HEAD WITH IT.
>> IT’S GREAT THE WAY IT IS.
IT DOESN’T NEED A HEAD.
>> OF COURSE IT NEEDS A HEAD.
YOU’VE NEVER KNOWN THE REAL
THING, SO YOU DON’T KNOW.
SHE WAS THE MOST BEAUTIFUL THING
EVER.
>> THAT’S SO TRUE.
>> HMM?
>> BUT I STILL SAY SHE’S BETTER
WITHOUT A HEAD.
SHE LOOKS MORE CHARMING THAT
WAY.
IN A WORD, PERFECT.
SO, LOOK, STOP WORRYING ABOUT
NOT BEING ABLE TO DRAW IT.
YOU DON’T REALLY NEED TO.
IT’S FINE JUST THE WAY IT IS.
>> [mutters] YOU’RE CRAZY.
SHE NEEDS A HEAD.
>> STOP THAT.
YOU’RE GONNA RUIN IT.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT, SONNY?
YOU’RE A WEIRDO.
>> AW, YOU’RE FLATTERING ME.
>> [chuckles]
[laughter]
>> ♪ [singing in Japanese] ♪
♪ ♪
>> WANT TO KNOW THE DETAILS OF
MY PIMP-DADDY HOOKUPS AND
HEARTBREAKIN’ LIFESTYLE?
THEN TURN YOUR HEART TO CHANNEL
ME.
TRUE STORIES FROM THE COOL, SLY,
MASAOMI KIDA.
NEXT TIME, FALSE ADVERTISING.
THIS HAPPENS EVERY 300 YEARS.
DON’T BLOW IT.